chore: more node convenience for odata functions (#1517)
cap-js/docs: guides/providing-services.md

POST .../sue/Foo(2)/Sue.order {"x":1} // bound action
```

> Note: You always need to add the `()` for functions, even if no arguments are required. The OData standard specifies that bound actions/functions need to be prefixed with the service's name. In the previous example, entity `Foo` has a bound action `order`. That action must be called via `/Foo(2)/Sue.order` instead of simply `/Foo(2)/order`.

> > For convenience, the Node.js runtime also allows
> > - calling bound actions/functions without prefixing them with the service name
> > - omitting the `()` if no parameter required
> > - using query options to provide function parameters like `sue/sum?x=1&y=2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For convenience, the CAP Node.js runtime also allows the following:
> - Call bound actions/functions without prefixing them with the service name.
> - Omit the `()` if no parameter is required.
> - Use query options to provide function parameters like `sue/sum?x=1&y=2`
```
